{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\uc1 \deff4\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\upr{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020206030504050203}Times New Roman;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020703090202050204}Courier New;}
{\f3\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 00020005000000000000}Symbol;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020005000000000000}Times;}{\f14\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 00050201020108040807}Wingdings;}
}{\*\ud{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020206030504050203}Times New Roman;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020703090202050204}Courier New;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 00020005000000000000}Symbol;}
{\f4\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020005000000000000}Times;}{\f14\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 00050201020108040807}Wingdings;}}}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;\red255\green102\blue0;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f4\lang1033\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f2\lang1033\cgrid 
\sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel1\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f2\cf1\lang1033\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\li360\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin360\itap0 
\b\f2\fs28\lang1033\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 3;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\fi-1440\li1440\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin1440\itap0 \f2\lang1033\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext15 radio;}}{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid916603286{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3913 _;}{\levelnumbers;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 
\loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \fi-360\li720\jclisttab\tx720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 
\chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li1440\jclisttab\tx1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3929 _;}{\levelnumbers;}\f14\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 
\chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li2160\jclisttab\tx2160 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3913 _;}{\levelnumbers;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 
\chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \fi-360\li2880\jclisttab\tx2880 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\chbrdr
\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li3600\jclisttab\tx3600 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3929 _;}{\levelnumbers;}\f14\chbrdr
\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li4320\jclisttab\tx4320 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3913 _;}{\levelnumbers;}\chbrdr
\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \fi-360\li5040\jclisttab\tx5040 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}
\f2\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li5760\jclisttab\tx5760 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3929 _;}{\levelnumbers;}\f14
\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li6480\jclisttab\tx6480 }{\listname ;}\listid2013605103}{\list\listtemplateid1632144582\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1
\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid66569\'01\u-3913 _;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \fi-360\li720\jclisttab\tx720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0
\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid197641\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li1440\jclisttab\tx1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23
\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid328713\'01\u-3929 _;}{\levelnumbers;}\f14\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li2160\jclisttab\tx2160 }{\listlevel
\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid66569\'01\u-3913 _;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 
\fi-360\li2880\jclisttab\tx2880 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid197641\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 
\chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li3600\jclisttab\tx3600 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid328713\'01\u-3929 _;}{\levelnumbers;}\f14\chbrdr
\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li4320\jclisttab\tx4320 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid66569\'01\u-3913 _;}{\levelnumbers
;}\f3\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \fi-360\li5040\jclisttab\tx5040 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext
\leveltemplateid197641\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li5760\jclisttab\tx5760 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0
{\leveltext\leveltemplateid328713\'01\u-3929 _;}{\levelnumbers;}\f14\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li6480\jclisttab\tx6480 }{\listname ;}\listid2041936424}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid2013605103
\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2041936424\listoverridecount0\ls2}}{\info{\title Metro Reporter}{\author Trial User}{\operator Trial User}{\creatim\yr2007\mo10\dy25\hr15\min4}{\revtim\yr2007\mo12\dy5\hr9\min38}
{\printim\yr2007\mo11\dy15\hr15\min47}{\version22}{\edmins77}{\nofpages5}{\nofwords1172}{\nofchars6682}{\nofcharsws8205}{\vern16411}}\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180
\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow0\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale125\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f4\lang1033\cgrid {\f2 Metro Reporter
\par December 07  (725 out of a possible 1,200 words)
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f2\lang1033\cgrid {Winter 2007 Metro Service Change summary
\par }\pard\plain \li360\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin360\itap0 \f4\lang1033\cgrid {\f2 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2 New bus schedules go into effect Dec. 23.  }{\f2 
The most significant changes are in Niagara Falls and Niagara County where Metro has restructured service in conjunction with the opening of the new Niagara Falls Transportation Center on Factory Outlet Blvd. nea
r Military Road.  Details of route changes are descried below.
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2 
Several trips were adjusted throughout the system to improve transfer connections, passenger convenience and access to jobs.  Checks individual route schedules to see if your trips are changed.
\par }\pard \widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2 Adjustments in scheduled running times were made on }{\b\f2 Routes1-William,2}{\f2 -}{\b\f2 Clinton, 4-Broadway, 5-Niagara, 6-Sycamore and 25-Delaware}{\f2 
 to improve service reliability.
\par }\pard \widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2 The routing of buses operating between Thruway Mall and Walden Galleria, }{\b\f2 Routes 4-Broadway, 6-Sycamore and 32-Amherst}{\f2 
 has been changed to use Galleria Drive to reduce the impact of traffic congestion on Walden Ave.
\par }\pard \widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2 Several late afternoon and early evening trips on }{\b\f2 Route 34-Niagara Falls Blvd.}{\f2  were adjusted to provide better connections Metro Rail trips from downtown.
\par }\pard \widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2 A late night round trip has been added on }{\b\f2 Route 203-Erie County Home Express }{\f2 
leaving ECMC at 10:09pm and returning from the Erie County Home at 11:15pm.  Park & Ride spaces are available for Metro customers at ECMC.
\par }\pard \widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f2 Route 103-East Suburban }{\f2 will now begin and end at The Shops in West Seneca and operate over Abbott and Bailey to Clinton.}{\f2 
\par }\pard \li360\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin360\itap0 {\b\f2\fs28\cf17 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\li360\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin360\itap0 \b\f2\fs28\lang1033\cgrid Niagara County
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f4\lang1033\cgrid {\f2 50 - M
ain-Niagara.  A combination of former Routes 50 and 53, the Main-Niagara provides direct service between Lewiston and the NFTC through the Portage Road Transportation Center and downtown Niagara Falls.
\par 
\par 51 \endash  Military-Summit.  Previously called Military-North, this route serves the LaSalle neighborhood, and Summit Business Park, operating between Niagara University and The Summit with all trips going through the NFTC.
\par 
\par 52 - Hyde Park.  This route serves the Center Court neighborhood, extending over Niagara Falls Blvd., to the NFTC.  It also serves the Portage Road Transportation Center, retail along Military Rd., the Our Lady of Peace and Mount St. Mary\rquote 
s Hospital.
\par 
\par 53 \endash  Niagara.  This route is not part of Route 50 Main-Niagara.
\par 
\par 54 \endash  Military. All trips operate through the NFTC, including Sunday service. 
\par   
\par 55 - Pine Avenue. All trips operate through the NFTC, with service to the Niagara Falls Memorial Medical Center, NCCC, BOCES, the Niagara Falls International Airport, downtown Niagara Falls and additional trips to Lockport.
\par 
\par 56 - River Road. This route operates between North Tonawanda and the NFTC, over Payne Ave. and River Rd., with stops at the Summit. 
\par 
\par 60 \endash  Niagara Falls Express. This route provides service between the Portage Road Transportation Center and downtown Buffalo, via Grand Island.  One trip in the morning and one in the evening also serve the NFTC.}{
\par }{\f2 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f2\lang1033\cgrid {Catching a bus has never been nicer
\par }{\b0 Welcome to the Niagara Falls Transportation Center on Factory Outlet Boulevard, a state-of-the-art facility designed to make public transportation convenient, easy and your best choice for getting around Western New York.  
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f4\lang1033\cgrid {\f2 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f2\lang1033\cgrid {\b0 Almost every local Niagara Falls Metro
 bus route serves the NFTC, facilitating connections both within Niagara County and routes running through the rest of the region.  But the NFTC is more than just the best way to catch a bus.  It features amenities for all aspects of your transit needs.

\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f4\lang1033\cgrid {
\par }{\f2 Free parking 
\par Five information screens, keeping visitors updated about Metro and the community
\par Schedule racks and posters
\par The Bijou Cafe
\par Metro Pass vending machines
\par Plenty of comfortable seating
\par Climate controlled
\par Free Wi-Fi available
\par ATM (compatible with most banks)
\par 24-hour surveillance 
\par Emergency NFTA Police hotline
\par Telephones
\par Restrooms
\par Vending machines and microwave
\par Change machine
\par Taxi service
\par Fully ADA compliant, with enhanced accessibility and Braille identification.
\par 
\par Breakfast, lunch, snacks \endash  the Bijou Caf\u233\'8e
 is here to help you make the most of your commute.  Open Monday through Friday, the menu includes soups, hot and cold sandwiches, breakfast specialties and treats fresh from the bakery.  Their coffee selection  - from mocha to cappuccino to \endash 
 is the perfect way to start the day.  
\par 
\par When the Bijou Caf\u233\'8e is not open, try the variety of vending machines.  The NFTC is open 5 a.m. till 1 a.m. the next day, Monday through Friday, 12:30 a.m. on weekends.
\par 
\par A week of grand opening festivities is scheduled to start January 20.  Watch for details.}{
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f2\lang1033\cgrid {
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f4\lang1033\cgrid {
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f2\lang1033\cgrid {Winter Classic Service to Ralph Wilson Stadium
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f4\lang1033\cgrid {\f2 Metro will run service to the Buffalo Sabres\rquote  Winter Classic, versus the Pittsburg Penquins, at \ldblquote The Ralph.\rdblquote 
  As with Buffalo Bill\rquote s home games, ser
vice leaves from seven different locations around Western New York, at 11:00 a.m.(10:30 a.m. from The Summit.) The cost is $7.00 per person, round-trip. Metro monthly, 30-day, day and weekend passes are not valid.  Service from:
\par 
\par Metro Transit Center on Niagara Street near Main Street in the City of Tonawanda
\par 
\par Metro Rail University Station on Main Street
\par 
\par Metropolitan Transportation Center at the bus station in downtown Buffalo, Ellicott Street
\par 
\par Metro Transit Center on Harlem Road near Walden Avenue
\par 
\par Main and Transit, the northeast corner of near Eastern Hills Mall 
\par 
\par Niagara Falls Transit Center on Portage Road 
\par 
\par The Summit, in Wheatfield
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f2\lang1033\cgrid {Going to a Sabres\rquote  game downtown?
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f4\lang1033\cgrid {\f2 Metro Rail offers service to every Sabres\rquote  game at HSBC Arena.  In fact, Metro has service to every Arena event, leaving Metro Rail\rquote 
s Event Only Station well after the end, regardless of overtimes or encores.  Park free at University of Buffalo or LaSalle Station Park & Rides, skip the hassle of driving and enjoy.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 NFTA.com Launches New Instant Updates service (graphic: button)}{\f2 
\par 
\par Visitors to NFTA.com are now able to sign up to receive e-mail or text messages about Metro bus and rail service, flights at the Buffalo Niagara International Airport, job posting and other useful NFTA information.
\par 
\par A free service, the Instant Update program lets users choose exactly what information they want, and how they want to receive it. Status changes of departing or arriving flights at the BNIA, changes in the status of airport parking lots, route-speci
fic Metro Bus and Rail rider alerts, general Metro news, employment postings, Paratransit information, EEO announcements and NFTA press releases and just some of the subscriptions available.  Any update can be sent by e-mail or as a text message right to 
a phone or PDA.
\par 
\par Gregory Stamm, NFTA chairman said, \ldblquote Utilizing today\rquote 
s cutting-edge technology, we are now able to provide our customers the most current information possible. With our new e-mail and text-messaging program, our customers have the ability to receive information important to them in a matter of minutes.
\rdblquote 
\par 
\par Users of the system have the ability to select a category of interest and designate when and for how long they want to be notified. They also have the ability to receive messages at multiple 
locations. There is no cost to register to receive the messages from the NFTA, but wireless providers may charge for each text message that a user receives.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f2\lang1033\cgrid {The Metro BPO Symphony Shuttle
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f4\lang1033\cgrid {\f2 
\par Metro Bus and the Buffal
o Philharmonic Orchestra are happy to offer you the Symphony Shuttle, the easiest way to get to BPO concerts. The shuttle runs for all Friday and Saturday night concerts, including the Holiday Pops, throughout the 2007-2008 season.  The shuttle departs fr
om the parking lot of Salvatore's Italian Gardens, one hour prior to each concert and returns immediately following each show.  Fare is $7 per person. Call 1-800-318-9430 for more information.
\par 
\par }\pard \sa120\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\sa120\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f2\lang1033\cgrid {Historical photo
\par }\pard\plain \sa120\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f4\lang1033\cgrid {\f2 The first class of female IRC bus operators g
raduated in 1942.  Brought in as substitutes for men off fighting in the war, women stayed behind the wheel through the present and will into the future.
\par 
\par [trailer \endash  NOT an article]
\par }\pard \widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f2 Visit nfta.com and try our Trip Planner.  Type in where you are and your destination.  The Trip Planner will show just how easy it is to let Metro take you where you want to go.

\par 
\par List of Commissioners
\par Logo, web site.
\par }}