{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\uc1 \deff4\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\upr{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020206030504050203}Times New Roman;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020703090202050204}Courier New;}
{\f3\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 00020005000000000000}Symbol;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020005000000000000}Times;}{\f6\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020005000000000000}Courier;}
{\f14\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 00050201020108040807}Wingdings;}}{\*\ud{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020206030504050203}Times New Roman;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020703090202050204}Courier New;}
{\f3\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 00020005000000000000}Symbol;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020005000000000000}Times;}{\f6\fnil\fcharset256\fprq2{\*\panose 00020005000000000000}Courier;}
{\f14\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 00050201020108040807}Wingdings;}}}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f4\lang1033\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f2\lang1033\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\sl240\slmult0
\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel1\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f2\cf1\lang1033\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\li360\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel2\adjustright\rin0\lin360\itap0 \b\f2\fs28\lang1033\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 
heading 3;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\fi-1440\li1440\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin1440\itap0 \f2\lang1033\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext15 radio;}{\s16\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f6\cf1\lang1033\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext16 Body Text;}{\*\cs17 \additive \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}{\s18\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f4\lang1033\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext18 Normal (Web);}{
\s19\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f2\lang1033\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext19 Body Text 2;}}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid916603286{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1
\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3913 _;}{\levelnumbers;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \fi-360\li720\jclisttab\tx720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0
\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li1440\jclisttab\tx1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1
\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3929 _;}{\levelnumbers;}\f14\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li2160\jclisttab\tx2160 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1
\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3913 _;}{\levelnumbers;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \fi-360\li2880\jclisttab\tx2880 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0
\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li3600\jclisttab\tx3600 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1
\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3929 _;}{\levelnumbers;}\f14\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li4320\jclisttab\tx4320 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1
\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3913 _;}{\levelnumbers;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \fi-360\li5040\jclisttab\tx5040 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0
\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li5760\jclisttab\tx5760 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1
\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3929 _;}{\levelnumbers;}\f14\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li6480\jclisttab\tx6480 }{\listname ;}\listid2013605103}{\list\listtemplateid1632144582{\listlevel\levelnfc23
\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3913 _;}{\levelnumbers;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \fi-360\li720\jclisttab\tx720 }
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li1440\jclisttab\tx1440 }{\listlevel
\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3929 _;}{\levelnumbers;}\f14\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li2160\jclisttab\tx2160 }{\listlevel
\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3913 _;}{\levelnumbers;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \fi-360\li2880
\jclisttab\tx2880 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li3600\jclisttab\tx3600 
}{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3929 _;}{\levelnumbers;}\f14\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li4320\jclisttab\tx4320 }
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3913 _;}{\levelnumbers;}\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \loch\af3\dbch\af0\hich\f3 \fi-360\li5040
\jclisttab\tx5040 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li5760\jclisttab\tx5760 
}{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3929 _;}{\levelnumbers;}\f14\chbrdr\brdrnone\brdrcf1 \chshdng0\chcfpat1\chcbpat1\fbias0 \fi-360\li6480\jclisttab\tx6480 }
{\listname ;}\listid2041936424}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid2013605103\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2041936424\listoverridecount0\ls2}}{\info{\title Metro Reporter}{\author Trial User}{\operator Trial User}
{\creatim\yr2008\mo2\dy19\hr12\min54}{\revtim\yr2008\mo3\dy7\hr8\min47}{\printim\yr2007\mo11\dy15\hr15\min47}{\version43}{\edmins139}{\nofpages6}{\nofwords1609}{\nofchars8370}{\nofcharsws11267}{\vern16411}}
\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow0
\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale125\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f4\lang1033\cgrid {\f2 Metro Reporter
\par March 08  (740 out of a possible 1,200 words)
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f2\lang1033\cgrid {Spring 2008 Metro Service Change summary
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f4\lang1033\cgrid {\f2 New bus schedules go into effect March 23
.  Minor schedule adjustments appear in a few trips on the following routes - 4,5,6,8,11,12,14,16,19,20,23,24,25,40,44,51,203,204,216.  Please consult specific timetables. Other notable changes include:
\par 
\par 6 - Outbound trips will only operate into the Amtrak Station in Depew on demand.  Passengers should inform the operator.  All inbound trips to downtown Buffalo will continue to pull into the station to pick up prospective passengers.
\par 
\par 50 - Main-Niagara.  A combination of former Routes 50 and 53, the Main-Niagara provides direct service between Lewiston and the NFTC through the Portage Road Transportation Center and downtown Niagara Falls.
\par 
\par 51 \endash  Military-Summit.  Previously called Military-North, this route serves the LaSalle neighborhood, and Summit Business
 Park, operating between Niagara University and The Summit with all trips going through the NFTC.  New routing at The Summit, now serves the Main entrance in front, continuing on to the Transit Center in back.
\par 
\par 52 - Hyde Park.  This route serves the Center Court neighborhood, extending over Niagara Falls Blvd., to the NFTC.  It also serves the Portage Road Transportation Center, retail along Military Rd., the Our Lady of Peace and Mount St. Mary\rquote 
s Hospital.
\par 
\par 53 \endash  Niagara.  This route is not part of Route 50 Main-Niagara.
\par 
\par 54 \endash  Military. All trips operate through the NFTC, including Sunday service. 
\par   
\par 55 - Pine Avenue. All trips operate through the NFTC, with service to the Niagara Falls Memorial Medical Center, NCCC, BOCES, the Niagara Falls International Airport, downtown Niagara Falls and additional trips to Lockport.
\par 
\par 56 - River Road. This route operates between North Tonawanda and the NFTC, over Payne Ave. and River Rd., with stops at the Summit. 
\par 
\par 60 \endash  Niagara Falls Express. This route prov
ides service between the Portage Road Transportation Center and downtown Buffalo, via Grand Island. Metro has added two new "A" trips serving the new NFTC, leaving downtown Buffalo at 12:50 p.m. and 5:15 p.m.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f2\lang1033\cgrid {Metro Boardings Jump by 8.3 Percent
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f4\lang1033\cgrid {\f2\cf1 Metro Bus 
and Rail saw an increase in boardings of 1.9 million in 2007 over 2006. Representing an 8.3 percent increase, it is one of the most significant single-year increases in the last 25 years and continues a four year growth trend.
\par 
\par Nationally, transit ridership was up 1.7 percent through the first nine-months of 2007, a rate far below Metro\rquote s. The statistic discounts the idea that high gas prices alone are fueling the move to buses and trains.
\par 
\par \ldblquote There are number of factors involved,\rdblquote  said Commissioner Eunice A. Lewin, chair of the Surface Transportation Committee. \ldblquote 
Gas prices certainly play a part, but Metro has done a fantastic job reaching out to the community and proving public transit is a competitive alternative to the car.\rdblquote 
\par 
\par Last year Metro added Erie Community College\rquote 
s 3,000 City Campus students to its College/University Unlimited Access program. Through this program schools provide Metro passes to their student body. The downtown ECC campus, the fifth school to participate, is well served by mass transit
 as evidenced by the fact that from October-December ECC students made 118,636 trips on Metro buses, demonstrating the need for the program.
\par 
\par In the fall of 2007, Metro conducted several meetings in Erie and Niagara Counties with local employers touting Metro\rquote 
s Advantage Plan. Business leaders were informed about pre-tax arrangements allowing employees and employers to save money on transit passes. The program saw growth right alongside Metro\rquote s general ridership.
\par 
\par Metro also continues to make route adjustments in response to needs and desires of the community. In Niagara County, Metro opened a $6.4 million transit center, which serves as a focal point for improvements to every route serving Niagara County.
\par 
\par }{\f2 \ldblquote The end result of all of these efforts is more riders, but Metro measures its success on how well it serves everyone in the region. More riders mean fewer cars on the road, less traffic congestion and better air quality,\rdblquote 
 Lewin added.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s18\sb100\sa100\sbauto1\saauto1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f4\lang1033\cgrid {\b\f2\highlight7 The No Cost Benefit to Both Employees and Employers}{\f2\highlight7 \line Metro Bus and Rail\rquote 
s Advantage Plan is a rarity in the realm of employee benefits.  It saves money for both employees and their employers.  Easy to implement and easy to use, it\rquote s no surprise that Metro Advantage is Metro\rquote s fastest growing pass program.
\par With Metro Advantage employees buy Metro Passes  - through their employer \endash 
 using pre-taxed dollars.  Employees can save approximately 35% on their public transportation costs.  Employers can reduce their obligations to Federal and State income tax, some unemployment taxes, and FIC
A.  There is no cost to participate, and no added fees or shipping charges.  Metro Advantage is an employee benefit that lowers payroll costs while saving money for each participating employee.  
\par Through Metro Advantage, a $66 All Zone Metro Pass purchased with pre-tax dollars has a real cost of only $41.  Employers save more and more with each participant.  For every $1,000 deducted from taxable payroll, an employer saves $76.50.
\par Using Metro Advantage is convenient.  Employees inform their employers that t
hey would like monthly Metro Passes.  Employers place orders with Metro, then deduct the cost of the passes from paychecks before income taxes are withheld.  Metro sends the passes to the employers, usually the Human Resources or Payroll department 
for distribution.  Getting started means a phone call or a visit www.nfta.com.  Metro will assist in every aspect of putting a program together and help maintain it going forward. There is no minimum number necessary for participation. 
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f4\lang1033\cgrid {\f2\highlight7 Metro Advantage is your advantage.  For more information on how to participate check NFTA.com or call (716)855-7211, (TDD 855-7650.)}{\f2 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f2\lang1033\cgrid {What\rquote s NFTA.com in Arabic? 
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f4\lang1033\cgrid {\f2 Actually, NFTA.com is pretty much the same in any language, but the rest can be really different.  Check it out for yourself at the web site.  The NFTA
 now offers quick and cost-free translation of any page in our family of sites into Spanish, French, German, Japanese, traditional Chinese and Arabic.
\par 
\par New technology from Google makes the translation possible without any cost to the Authority.  Just a few
 years ago the same service may have had a price tag of several thousand dollars.  The specific languages were chosen based on input from the community and local tourism groups.  The feature should help make the NFTA\rquote 
s web site more user friendly to visitors and area residents for whom English is not native.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Instant Update Service (graphic: button)
\par }{\f2 Visit NFTA.com and sign up for e-mail or text messages about Metro bus and rail service, flights at the Buffalo Niagara International Airport, job postings and other useful NFTA information.
\par 
\par A free service, the Instant Update program lets users choose exac
tly what information they want, and how they want to receive it. Status changes of departing or arriving flights at the BNIA, changes in the status of airport parking lots, route-specific Metro Bus and Rail rider alerts, general Metro news, employment pos
tings, Paratransit information, EEO announcements and NFTA press releases are just some of the subscriptions available.  Any update can be sent by e-mail or as a text message right to a phone or PDA.
\par 
\par }{\f2\highlight7 Subscribing is easy.  Log on to NFTA.com, and click the Instant Updates button.  Decide what kind of information you want and how you would like it delivered, and you\rquote re done.  There\rquote 
s no change and no limit.  Subscribe to as many topics as you need.}{\f2 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f2\lang1033\cgrid {Bijou Caf\u233\'8e at the NFTC
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f4\lang1033\cgrid {\f2 Metro has never offered anything quite like it. For breakfast, lunch or snacks the Bijou Caf\u233\'8e
 is right inside the Niagara Falls Transportation Center. Open Monday through Friday, with a menu that includes soups, hot and cold sandwiches, breakfast specialties and treats fresh from the bakery a
nd a superb coffee selection, it is the perfect way to start, or finish, the day.  
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f2\lang1033\cgrid {What on Earth are you doing?
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f4\lang1033\cgrid {\f2 Earth Day is April 22, and this year the NFTA is working with partners across Buffalo Niagara to improve our environment.  Organized by Ecolog
y and Environment, Inc., companies and organizations throughout the Niagara Frontier are using the day to launch new cleaner, greener initiatives.  Sponsors are encouraging employees and members to carpool, bike, walk and of course, use public transportat
ion.
\par 
\par High gas prices and climbing global temperatures are two of the newest reasons to take notice of one\rquote 
s carbon footprint.  The NFTA has long been a leader in efficient transportation.  Metro Rail is powered by 100% renewable energy.  Metro Bus continue
s to add hybrid vehicles to a fleet that is already better for the air than cars and trucks with just one or two occupants.
\par 
\par Visit }{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\f2  HYPERLINK "http://www.goodgoingwny.com" }{\f2 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b0200000017000000150000007700770077002e0067006f006f00640067006f0069006e00670077006e0079002e0063006f006d000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b3a00000068007400740070003a002f002f007700770077002e0067006f006f00640067006f006900
6e00670077006e0079002e0063006f006d002f0000000000000000}}}{\fldrslt {\cs17\f2\ul\cf2 www.goodgoingwny.com}}}{\f2  for more information.   
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f2\lang1033\cgrid {\highlight7 30 Day Pass vs. Monthly Pass
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f4\lang1033\cgrid {\f2\highlight7 While not exactly a contest, Metro\rquote 
s 30 Day Pass and Monthly Pass compete for the same riders.  Each has its own benefits, so in the end, it\rquote s the customers that win.  
\par 
\par A Monthly Pass is valid from the first day of a month to the last.  They are available in Metro\rquote s ticket machines, and at participating Tops, Wilson Farms, Budweys and Dash Markets.
\par 
\par With Metro\rquote s 30 Day Pass it doesn\rquote t matter what month it is.  The pass is good for 30 days, starting on the day of purchase.  If you buy one on the 15}{\f2\super\highlight7 th}{\f2\highlight7  of one month, it\rquote s valid until the 14}{
\f2\super\highlight7 th}{\f2\highlight7  of the next month.  30 Day Passes are available from Metro ticket }{\f2\highlight7 vending }{\f2\highlight7 machines.
\par 
\par Both passes are priced the same: One Zone, $55; All Zone, $66.  Ticket vending machines selling either pass are located in every Metro Rail station, both Tran
sit Centers in Niagara County and the Metropolitan Transportation Center (the bus station in downtown Buffalo.)}{\f2   Day Passes and Weekend Passes are also available.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f2\lang1033\cgrid {Historical photo
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f4\lang1033\cgrid {\f2 Buffalo had zero-emission transit back in 1950.  Clean-running electric streetcars ran on Main St. by North Division (as seen here) until June 18}{
\f2\super th}{\f2  of that year.
\par (photo from Buffalo\rquote s History Street Cars and Buses, D. David Bregger, Arcadia Publishing.  Available at local bookstores.)
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s19\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f2\lang1033\cgrid AD \endash  RIDER REMINDER \endash  have your fare ready prior to boarding
\par \pard\plain \widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f4\lang1033\cgrid {\f2 
\par [trailer \endash  NOT an article]
\par Visit nfta.com and try our Trip Planner.  Type in where you are and your destination.  The Trip Planner will show just how easy it is to let Metro take you where you want to go.
\par 
\par 
\par List of Commissioners
\par Logo, web site.
\par }}